hey what's up everyone today I'm
reviewing this and does the medallion
brands sweet onion petals I have no idea
what this is it guys I saw it in the
store it was a dollar fifty for this bag
made with real Vidalia onions like that
zesty ranch flavor is a baked and it's
brand new it's a gluten-free food and
what I think it is from this package
here is maybe it's like a dried chip
version of an awesome blossom and that
would truly be on let's see what we got
going on now I love onion stuff I'm one
of those people that I can eat like a
red onion like an apple vs. people out
but I like it okay interesting
interesting this looks like a handicap
hot fry but it's smells like crazy onion
breath maybe it's like a sour cream and
onion type phone not actually it's a
zesty ranch type smell yeah that's
that's about right but interesting
interesting shape and I don't know let's
see how this days Wow and by wow I don't
be great but I mean wow first off that
is zesty that zesty ranch flavor pops
right off my tongue really really like
that I mentioned this is like an antique
at frys but it tastes like a Funyun and
this although a Funyun I believe I don't
quote me on this but I believe a Funyun
is artificial onion this is real onion
but it's basically a Funyun yeah you
bite into it kind of disintegrates like
a cheese curl um it's got crazy zest
though Wow hmm got a little kick to it
not a spicy kick ass zesty kick and I
really really like that overall though
I'm not down with these types of snacks
but if you do like that so like if you
like a Funyun not not a
not a not a stale Funyun because that
Funyuns get gross if they're too stale
if you like a cross between a Funyun in
the shape of a hot fry but with the
taste of like a cool ranch or a sour
cream and onion you're going to really
dig this it is the Battaglia sweet onion
petals one dot fifty cents for this bag
and not my favorite but would be awesome
of people if you like this sort of thing
there's really nothing I can say to
complain about it except for the fact
that the there is onion taste but not
enjoyable onion taste it's like yes that
is an onion I can't get that onion out
of my mouth when I really want to be
like you have to give me more onion I
know that sounds weird I don't even know
if I should dock this and see this is
the problem with reviewing stuff like
this because it's exactly as advertised
it's pretty you know tasty it is a good
value it's exactly what they say it's
going to be so how can I really doc it
do i give it a five star rating maybe is
it something i will buy automatically
know so by that rationale I give it a 4
and half so depending on where you fall
in that spectrum deep either a four and
a half or a five star rating hope you
enjoyed this video if you liked this
video give me a thumbs up if you haven't
hit that subscribe button hit that
subscribe button and I will see you
tomorrow